{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15980\viewh15940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 VNCClient TODO List
\f1\b0 \

\fs30 \

\f0\b\fs42 Features
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\strike Draw screen with incremental updates.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/29/2007\
{\listtext	2.	}\strike Pointer events.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/29/2007\
{\listtext	3.	}\strike Key events.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/30/2007\
{\listtext	4.	}\strike Help\strike0\striked0 . Added 3/29/2007\
{\listtext	5.	}\strike Implement Bell message.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/29/2007\
{\listtext	6.	}\strike Connect to dialog.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/30/2007\
{\listtext	7.	}\strike Server cut message.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/30/2007\
{\listtext	8.	}\strike Client paste message.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/31/2007\
{\listtext	9.	}VNC Authentication\
{\listtext	10.	}\strike Automatically set server native resolution.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/30/2007\
{\listtext	11.	}Auto size the window if the server resolution is smaller than the client window. If the server resolution is too big, use scroll bars.\
{\listtext	12.	}CopyRect encoding\
{\listtext	13.	}Multiple connections.\
{\listtext	14.	}\strike Hide and Re-open windows.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/30/2007\
{\listtext	15.	}\strike Set the title of the window to the VNC server name.\strike0\striked0  Added 3/30/2007\
{\listtext	16.	}Add a recent hosts menu.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b\fs42 Bugs\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 \strike \strikec0 \
1. Network events stop UI from responding quickly and vice versa.\strike0\striked0  FIXED 3/29/2007 - Implemented non-blocking sends.\
\strike 2. Initial connection to RFB server is slow when using IP addresses. Could be a DNS issue. After I added a line to the /etc/hosts file the hosts file the problem went away\strike0\striked0 . FIXED 3/31/2007\
\strike 3. Connecting with hostname rather than IP address fails.\strike0\striked0  FIXED 3/31/2007\
\strike 4. A Copy (as in Copy/Paste) on the server causes the client to hang, probably because the client isn't handling the copy message.\strike0\striked0  FIXED 3/30/2007\
5. Changing the resolution on the server causes the client to freeze.\
\strike 6. Connecting to an invalid host by IP address (such as 192.168.3.23 on my network) doesn't display a connection error. \strike0\striked0 FIXED 3/31/2007\
7. \strike Disconnect only closes the VNC View Window - the connection is still opened. Need to call close on the streams. \strike0\striked0 FIXED 3/30/2007\
8. The client doesn't work with RFB Protocol version 3.3. Version 3.7 is not tested.\
9. Control + other keys doesn't work. For instance, when connected to a Windows PC, Control+C doesn't copy.\
\strike 10. Copy/Paste doesn't work in Address text field in connect to window.\strike0\striked0  FIXED 3/30/2007\
\strike 11. Port field not being used. 5900 is used every time.\strike0\striked0  FIXED 3/30/2007}